#summary Project History

Application: 1up ModRcon

Copyright:(C) 2010 Tesla[1up]. All Rights Reserved.

Website: http://1upclan.info

License: Freeware (See License Agreement in help.chm for full details)

Version History: (In decending order)
----
V1.5.1.0 7/26/2010
  *Changed the routine used to show live player info. (UrT version is no longer checked)
  *Fixed the I/0 error #145 message that displayed for some users after setup completed.
  *Lowered overall memory usage and various other small enhancements.

V1.4.3.0 5/12/2010
  *Fixed the problem where moderators were not able to use the new quick commands menu.
  *Added the "Save Console As.." command to the console popup menu (Request from Pyrite[1up])
 
V1.4.2.0 5/11/2010
  *Added a new quick commands popup menu to the player info list.(see helpfile)
  *Added icons to main and player info menus.
  *Redesigned and updated the helpfile to reflect changes since the last version.
  *Various other fixes and enhancements.

V1.3.0.0 4/9/2010
  *Added Allow Vote and Gear calculators to the tool options.
  *Added timestamps to the console when sending commands to the server.
  *Added the ability to set a custom background and text color for the console window.

V1.0.0.0 (RC1) 1/21/2010
  *Added helpfile
  *Added the ability to set timeout variable when sending commands to a server.
  *Changed the License Agreement (this will now be the default License Agreement)

V0.9.5.2 1/9/2010
 + Added ability to launch game and connect to server from within program.
 + Added ability to modify servers/commands on the fly.
 + Added valid IP checking routine.
 + Added Manage Severs link on connection screen.
 + Added the "Settings" item to the Tools menubar.
 - Removed the View item from the menubar.
 ~ Various other small fixes and enhancements.

V0.9.0.2 1/3/2010
 # Fixed a bug in the IP subrange ban routine
 ~ Changed the update & installer code to be more efficient 

V0.9.0.0 1/1/2010 (Initial Release to Beta Testers) 